# first-CRUD-app


In this I tried to make a CRUD (Create-Read-Update-Delete) app as a part of work for mt Internship at SouthEastern Railway. 
This app keeps a record of all the letters that the department sends and recieves, also all the officials can go through the letters by signing in using their login credentials. Also there is a admin panel where the admin can add and delete employees once a new post gets added or some old post gets dissolved. Officials can add instructions and mark whether they have seen a particular letter or not.


In this WebApp I made the Movement of Correspondence application. The working starts from the index.php file. Here users need to login with their specific login credentials. If user is admin then it opens up the employee details page, where admin can add new user or delete any user details. The users are mainly various post of officials currently working. Any change in password or User Name can only be done by the admin using this panel. When logged in as any other user, then the letter list table is opened up. Here all the letters that gets registered as in/out is shown here. Any user can add any letter, for that one need to upload the scanned picture of the specific letter, add the subject, date of issue and date of receiving of the letter. Also the list of all letters can be printed and also exported in an excel sheet. Once registered, every letter can be seen from the side panel. On the basis of each letter any senior official can add some instruction, also what is the status of each report can be updated by any responsible official in the form of comments. 
